README.md, before:

# MeFit

## Background

This project is the frontend for the MeFit assignemt for the experiss academy full stack training. The corresponding backend application can be found in [this GitHub repo](https://github.com/Epiko1994/MeFitBackend)
The deployed version of this app can be [found here](https://naughty-kowalevski-13870d.netlify.app/login)


## Purpose
This app allows the user to register and log in to see the following features:
- An overview of all available exercises with desciption and video
- An overview of workouts and programme available - put together of the available exercises
- A dashboard where the user can set goals and see the progress for set goals
- A page to see details for the current set goal and previously accomplished goals

## Development

Steps to work on this project
1. Clone this rep
2. Run the command npm install.
3. Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Contributors
- [Allan Carlsen (@AllanTC)](https://github.com/AllanTC)
- [Joshua Johansen (@Epiko1994)](https://github.com/Epiko1994)
- [Liv Reinhold (@livstella)](https://github.com/livstella)
- [Michel Saremi (@MichelSaremi)](https://github.com/MichelSaremi)


## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Small update to readme with project approach

README.md, after:

# MeFit

## Background

This project is the frontend for the MeFit assignemt for the experiss academy full stack training. The corresponding backend application can be found in [this GitHub repo](https://github.com/Epiko1994/MeFitBackend)
The deployed version of this app can be [found here](https://naughty-kowalevski-13870d.netlify.app/login)


## Purpose
This app allows the user to register and log in to see the following features:
- An overview of all available exercises with desciption and video
- An overview of workouts and programme available - put together of the available exercises
- A dashboard where the user can set goals and see the progress for set goals
- A page to see details for the current set goal and previously accomplished goals

## Development

Steps to work on this project
1. Clone this rep
2. Run the command npm install.
3. Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Contributors
- [Allan Carlsen (@AllanTC)](https://github.com/AllanTC)
- [Joshua Johansen (@Epiko1994)](https://github.com/Epiko1994)
- [Liv Reinhold (@livstella)](https://github.com/livstella)
- [Michel Saremi (@MichelSaremi)](https://github.com/MichelSaremi)


# Project approach

### Project management tools
- The project is managed through Trello

### MVP
customer centric 


### Workflow / Teamwork
- The four memebers of the team are diveded with two memebers on backend and frontend respectively 
- Daily stand-up at 9.00
- Continuious communication by:
    - Marking on Trello the task you are working on
    - Moving the task to "In progress" when work starts
    - Moving the task to "Done" when definition of done has been achieved 
    - If a task cannot be marked as done, due to wait time on another task, it can be labelled with "needs more info"
    -
